Better fail message (#32)
znicholls/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

master
------

> - (`#32 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/322>`_) Made asking to infill a case with no data give an explicit warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#32 <https://github.com/znicholls/silicone/pull/322>`_) Raise `ValueError` when asking to infill a case with no data
```
